[Music]
hi guys I'm Laura Vitale and on this
episode of Laura in the kitchen I'm
gonna show you how to make mashed
potatoes but with a very very delicious
twist we're gonna make a rosemary
infused roasted garlic to go with it in
it so so good I can't even describe it
but first thing I'm gonna do is roast
the garlic and you want to pre-heat your
oven to 400 degrees get there either way
second thing you wanna do is take two
heads of garlic and we're just gonna cut
them in half just like so you want to
expose the actual garlic cloves awesome
I'm gonna put them on here bottom side
down put a touch of olive oil on them
sprinkle a little salt perfect and then
we're gonna take some rosemary cut it in
half and what that's gonna do is infuse
the garlic with rosemary and it's so
incredible I can't even describe it a
little more olive oil you want to keep
things very very moist put the tops back
on you can just they don't go perfectly
on there just make them fit touch more
and you just want to make a nice tight
package just like that and you want to
put these in the oven 400 degrees for
about 45 to 50 minutes until the garlic
cloves are very very soft and kind of
golden and they've got really really
nutty and delicious
now while the garlic is roasting in the
oven what we're gonna work on is peeling
our potatoes and getting them to cooking
and I'm just using a regular sort of
baking potato you can use any kind of
potato you want and if you knew if you
using like a baby Yukon Golds or little
tiny ones you don't even have to bother
peeling them I don't know why I'm doing
all the peels here when I specifically
have a little plate for the peels now
what I'm gonna do and I'm
I'm going to cut the potatoes really big
I cut them in half I leave them kind of
big because I love using a potato ricer
to make these really fluffy and just
kind of I don't like lumpy mashed
potatoes if you do you can just use a
regular steam standard sort of masher
and just mash them to the consistency
you like I like mine super smooth and
fluffy so I'm going to use a potato
ricer I'm just going to cut these in
half
any little bit that's leftover I don't
worry about it because the potato ricer
actually catches it from going and from
getting you know kind of pureed up it's
going to cut that piece so I'm just
gonna peel my potatoes and I'm gonna
cover them with water and get them
cooking until they're nice and fork
tender if they're kind of big like this
to probably take about thirty minutes or
so you come smaller to take a lot less I
just took some cream and butter and I've
melted it here in the same pan I used to
cook my mashed potatoes my potatoes I
should say they're not mashed yet these
are my potatoes that I've cooked and
they're now
tender and garlic and rosemary is that
in the oven I'm letting it cool for just
a few minutes when I mash my potatoes
and using a rice cert this is where I'm
one of my favorite tools in the kitchen
I'm just going to get my potatoes see
that this makes the potatoes so
incredibly fluffy it's unbelievable and
like I said I love a good fluffy fluffy
potatoes not lumpy mashed potato so make
sure to scrape anything that's been left
behind perfect all right
setting this aside next unbaling know
the garlic smells so amazing oh look at
that
now it's like garlic candy and all you
do is just squeeze and it comes right
out and it comes out tasting like sweet
kind of nutty oh it's just so good so so
good what I often do is I make a few of
these and then I serve them alongside
like
toasted baguette and then you just
spread it on in like it's like butter so
amazing so good so just squeeze all of
you garlic cloves into mashed potatoes
that's it but so infused but that
rosemary is amazing okay we have this
now we need to season it with salt and
pepper because potatoes need salt to
bring them back to life in my opinion
they taste like nothing unless there's
some salt in there I love lots of ground
black pepper with my mashed potatoes
however my mother used to like white
pepper with hurt hers so you can choose
whatever you like and I have some cream
and butter here and I'm just gonna mix
this up that is amazing that's perfect I
don't like a tube what's mashed potato
either I'm a very picky mashed potato
eater we're gonna taste this for
seasoning Wow right on the money hmm I
left those garlic cloves kind of chunky
because I want to be able to literally
bite down on one none there there's any
biting going on because it's so soft but
I want to be able to get a heat the
clove of it in my mouth because it's not
garlicky at this point it's just like
sweet nutty mmm-hmm so uh that's about
it I'm just gonna plate this up so
amazing I'm just gonna give this one
more bite mmm
that it's a dinner in itself so good so
much flavor so comforting I couldn't ask
for anything better
I hope you guys have enjoyed spending
time with me so get this fries to paint
on the recipes check out my website at
www.att.com/biz
bye-bye
you